[THEME MUSIC]
>>EMERY SMITH: Today
on "Cosmic Disclosure,"
we are with Duane Ollinger, a
high-risk oil contractor who
discovered a system
of underground caverns
that run beneath
his 160-acre ranch
in Utah, home to some
highly unusual anomalies.
Also joining us is
Tim, a tactical advisor
to covert analysts, trying
to understand the missions
and strategies of non-human
intelligences on our planet.
Welcome, gentlemen.
>>TIM: Thank you.
>>DUANE OLLINGER: Thank you.
>>EMERY: Duane, can you
tell our viewing audience
about your connection
with ETs and UFOs?
>>OLLINGER: Oh, my goodness.
That's a good question.
As far as ETs or UFOs, I
don't know much about the ETs,
you would say, but I did
see nine different craft
up there on the project that
we were on up there on that 160
acres.
>>EMERY: What was it that
you were looking for that you
went through all this expense?
90-day expedition with
all your equipment,
all your people out there.
What were you looking for?
>>OLLINGER: Well,
we had been told
that there was Au and Ag
that was percolating out
on the ground, but that's
what started the whole deal,
and that always brings
the intrigue, you know.
>>EMERY: Please explain to the
audience what Ag and Au is.
>>OLLINGER: So Ag
is silver and then
Au is gold, and that's what
we were looking for as far as
on the side of the
mountain, on the West side.
>>EMERY: So while you
were looking for this,
did you stumble upon
anything with drilling
that was abnormal?
>>OLLINGER: Not
on the West side.
We did on the East side.
George Stevens was the one that
pointed us to the West side
where we dropped down into
on the side of the mountain
when they was using satellite
technology to help us do that.
George Stevens
was, he was ex-CIA.
In the Vietnam era,
they tested people
for their colorblindness.
And so the way it was explained
to me was where you or I see 16
shades of grey, he sees 32.
And so in turn, there
was five of those guys,
and he was one of them.
And so in the Vietnam
era, the Vietnamese
would tunnel underneath
the mountain,
and they had a satellite
that he told me
they launched in 1954, where
the Vietnam people would
tunnel underneath there
and pop up and hit us.
Well, by that satellite, he
could see the different colors
of the trees changing
because of their root system
and the whole nine yards.
And so he would give
them coordinates,
and then they would
bomb right there
at the end of those tunnels.
Well, George Stevens
found out that Au, Ag, Ir,
Pt, all these different elements
would also by satellite,
he could see those colors too.
And so he created a company
with that technology,
and because he was tied
to I guess the CIA,
he got so much of
satellite time for what
he's done for the government.
And he showed up on the
project on that 160 acres,
and he was the one that showed
us that there was Au and Ag.
He never talked about Ir or
Pt or anything like that,
but he would show us where
the target points were.
George Stevens
would also, he could
see an ionic bursts coming out
of the ground by satellite,
but what he always told us on
that West side of the project
was that the ions will not
come out exactly straight.
They ricochet off, you might
say, of different reasons.
And he was boots on
the ground out there,
and he's the one that
told us, he says,
right here, now this
is a big project.
I mean, it's a lot of
digging, the whole nine yards.
We're on the side of a mountain,
so it might sound easy,
but it's not.
And so in turn once he told
us exactly where to dig,
I thought, this is
the craziest thing
I've ever heard of in my life.
That's where we drilled
down, and we weren't looking
for water, but we hit water.
And that's where the blind
frogs started coming up
out of the ground, so we knew
that the cave systems had
oxygen, and that's kind of
why we come up with the name
Blind Frog Ranch.
It didn't take no genius
to figure that one out.
>>EMERY: So you went
out there, you're
drilling for gold, silver.
You found this underground
water system that's
linked to this cavern possibly.
At what time during
this excavation
did some strange
phenomena happen?
>>OLLINGER: So we had to shut
down the West side project,
and we had to wait
for quite a while
where we got where we could
go over on the East side.
And that's where
we were going to do
a project on the East side of
our project with Don Nicoloff,
and he was tied
to Jeremiah Davis.
>>EMERY: And who
is Don Nicoloff?
>>OLLINGER: Don Nicoloff,
he's no longer around.
He passed away, but he was
with "Evident Footprints."
He was a broadcaster for
podcasts and things like that.
He was tied to Jeremiah Davis.
>>EMERY: And who's
Jeremiah Davis?
>>OLLINGER: Jeremiah
Davis, those
were the two guys that
gave us the target
points on the East side of that
project where we were supposed
to dig out a lot of the area on
the side of the mountain, which
is crazy.
>>TIM: You mentioned
satellite technology.
Do you think that relates
in some way how they knew
that you would find something?
>>OLLINGER: Well,
I don't know what
they were using on
that because that's
where a different group
was a part of that.
I think they were using more
of an upstairs information way
past satellite technology
I think because--
>>EMERY: You say upstairs,
meaning maybe some, what?
>>TIM: Interstellar or mind?
>>OLLINGER: Well, probably both.
I guess you might
say both on that deal
because Nicoloff was tied to
a lot of that kind of stuff.
And then he knew Jeremiah
Davis, and Jeremiah Davis
was tied to the Federation.
>>EMERY: Please explain
what Federation means.
>>OLLINGER: So that's where
Jeremiah Davis was recruited
out of, Area 51, into the United
Galactic Federation of Hindon.
>>EMERY: The United Galactic
Federation of Hindon?
>>OLLINGER: Yes, and
that's what I was told.
And I know that's kind of
crazy, but I've seen the ships,
and so what do you do?
You don't lie to yourself.
>>EMERY: And how
many civilizations
are included in this?
>>OLLINGER: So I
was told that there
was 574 different planets.
It was a part of that group.
>>EMERY: Is our planet
part of that group?
>>OLLINGER: No,
no, they're still
kind of being watched because
apparently we got a ways to go
is what I was told.
>>EMERY: Because we keep
just digging up the planet.
>>OLLINGER: Yeah, no, I
think the problem being is we
want to be of a warring planet,
and they're more concerned
about what we might blow
up because it affects
a lot of different things.
>>EMERY: Was this relayed
to you and Jeremiah?
Was this relayed to you?
>>OLLINGER: Yes, yeah, yeah.
Jeremiah would always
talk about that.
I would have conversations after
I got involved with those guys.
I would talk to Jeremiah
at least once a week
for a couple of hours,
and he would tell me
all kinds of things
about what they're doing.
>>TIM: And how was he
linked to the Federation?
>>OLLINGER: He was
a four star general
for that group of the alliance.
>>EMERY: Are these
extraterrestrial people
or people on the planet Earth?
>>OLLINGER: He always told me
that they're all just like us
up there in their group.
Now, he did say there's
other things out there,
but their group was all
just like humans like us.
He said they might look
a little bit different,
a little different eye or
a little bit different ear,
but nothing too far out there.
>>EMERY: So what
was your discovery
after you kept excavating?
>>OLLINGER: We did the
digging, and then they
told us, they said
now what you got
to do is bring in
a drilling rig,
and what we brought
in was a rathole rig,
so that has a bit
of about 36 inches.
It's a big track hoe rig,
and this is a tough deal
on the side of a mountain.
Theoretically, you've
got to make platforms--
>>EMERY: You've got to
level that whole place
and then go for it.
>>OLLINGER: Yeah, yeah.
>>TIM: What did you find?
>>OLLINGER: So our
biggest deal was
where we were told
to drill at 75 foot,
we're going to hit something.
And then down the
mountainside at 68 foot,
we're going to hit something.
He thought, well, this is crazy.
There's no way.
Nobody would know this.
This land has not been
touched for millions of years.
Now how are they
going to know that?
And so in turn,
but you could still
tell that they knew
something in their eyes.
And I thought, well, whatever.
We'll do it anyway.
So at 75 foot with that big
drilling rig, we hit nothing.
I thought, oh gosh,
and now how are you
going to tell your banker that?
You don't on a financial deal.
But at 76 foot, 77,
all the way to about 83
when we kept drilling
on down and we
pulled that Auger up
and swung it around,
that's where the blue dirt was.
Unbelievable.
>>EMERY: What is
blue earth, Duane?
>>OLLINGER: I don't know.
I just know that it was
more like a sandstone
than it was a hard rock.
Now, these bits are going to
pulverize that a little bit,
but it still, if
it had been rock,
it would have come
up in a crumblier--
but this came up in like a sand.
>>TIM: Have you ever
seen something like that?
>>OLLINGER: No, no, never.
And so how they
knew everything--
but once we drilled that 75
foot hole and then we went down
the side of a mountain
and drilled down to 68,
didn't find anything, went
through 68 on through it,
it was like it was a
sheath of underground blue.
Once we got through those
two different holes, then
that night is whenever
things got wild.
It's like we released a
energy or gave something air.
And again, I know
that sounds crazy,
but when we drilled
through that blue dirt,
then we got a call from
Jeremiah Davis that night.
We were back in Vernal, Utah,
and we were told that you just
need to know, since y'all
drilled through those two holes
that it lit this whole
mountainside where we were
at up into a blue aura and
lightning strikes were coming
out of the ground about--
>>EMERY: So they seen this
from a satellite you're saying,
or is it from--
>>OLLINGER: Jeremiah
Davis had reports
from his group that was
telling him what was going on.
>>EMERY: All right.
>>OLLINGER: And so we were
already in Vernal, Utah,
and I said, we're
going back out.
We got to see this.
Jeremiah Davis told
us, he says, look,
you don't know what you
stirred up up there.
You should not go out there.
And I think, come on, man.
We worked too hard not
to know what's going on.
We want to see this.
>>EMERY: Right.
>>TIM: Did you discover
what it was, the blue earth?
>>OLLINGER: So as far as
that night, we created havoc,
I guess.
The general said, you just need
to know how dangerous this is.
And we're still
wondering if this
is right or wrong because--
>>EMERY: It sounds
like Pandora's box.
>>OLLINGER: Yeah,
this is kind of crazy.
If somebody tells you something
and it gets this wild,
you still go out and
check to make sure
that somebody is not BSing you.
And I'm not trying to be rude to
people, but you need to know--
>>EMERY: You have to go out and
see for yourself, I always say.
>>OLLINGER: Yeah,
the Dodge diesel
pickup that I was
driving started,
as we're going out
from Vernal to Lapoint,
the pickup started ticking
like a bomb, and it was weird.
And Jeremiah Davis was talking
to us on the speakerphone.
He says, you stop the truck
right now and get out.
You guys don't know what
you're dealing with.
We was about five or
six miles out of Vernal
going out to see what
the heck's going on.
The next thing you know,
I pulled the pickup over.
The two guys I was with,
Don Nicoloff and then Doug
from Amarillo, they bailed out.
And he kept saying, you guys
don't realize what you've done.
I said, what we done.
You told us drill the hole.
>>EMERY: Right.
>>OLLINGER: We're just kind
of boots on the ground.
He said, you need
to get back to town
because you have created havoc
throughout upstairs, whatever
that means.
>>EMERY: Did he ever
explain like what
you'd done when you cracked
open the surface there?
>>OLLINGER: Well,
apparently, it had something
to do with that blue
aura and the lightning
strikes that were going on.
Like it gave it some kind of an
energy or released an energy.
And there's more to it
than that because we've
seen a lot of things after
the fact in that area.
>>EMERY: Did you just stop
there and get back in the truck
and go back to town, or
did you listen to Jeremiah
because he was telling you
didn't know what you did?
Did you ever find out
why it was so terrible?
>>OLLINGER: So what
took place there
was after a little bit of
talking to Jeremiah Davis,
we're standing out there
in the middle of a bargage,
and I thought this
is even stupider.
And so finally I just
said, no, we still
got to know what's going on.
So I went back to my pickup.
>>EMERY: Did Doug and everyone--
Doug jump back in the truck?
>>OLLINGER: Oh, hell no.
>>EMERY: They said, no,
you're on your own there.
>>OLLINGER: Yeah.
So I fired it back up.
It fired up.
Everything was fine.
I said, you guys,
get your ass in.
>>EMERY: And what did you see?
>>OLLINGER: The next
thing you know, over there
on the top of the
mountains where
we were doing that
project, there
was three craft that pulled
in, and they was like spheres.
They was just bright,
shiny looking things,
and then three more and
three more pulled up.
And what the deal was
is for whatever reason,
they come in so hot that
they outran their fog.
And so once they
would park, then they
would just blow fog around
them and look like clouds.
But you know--
>>EMERY: How big
were these spheres?
>>OLLINGER: You know, so I
get to cheat on this one.
So Jeremiah Davis
later on in his life,
he would tell me they had 60
footers, 100 footers, 1,000
footers, and then
the motherships were
15 miles long, five miles wide,
and a mile deep out in space,
and that's their base.
>>EMERY: Why were they so
interested in that spot
that you were at?
>>OLLINGER: So I just don't
know unless it was all about
that the blue energy
and the lightning
strikes coming out of there.
And then people watch from
all over, even satellites,
governments, the
whole nine yards.
You know that they know
they're watching everything.
>>TIM: So we have typically
two different phenomena.
One is that we have
these kind of light orbs
and we have UAPs, which are
made of some solid metal.
Would you describe them
either as the light orbs
or as a solid metal form?
>>OLLINGER: It was solid.
They were solid.
They weren't like the orbs.
No, they was a solid piece of--
it's like-- yeah.
>>TIM: Interesting.
>>EMERY: So there's this
blue aura around this area.
There's blue lightning.
We have blue clay coming
out of the ground.
All this blue energy seems
to be around this area
that you're mentioning
with all these crafts.
I know, Tim, you
had some experience
with a lot of blue energy.
What could you add to that?
>>TIM: So I cannot tell if this
is the same thing that happens
to you, but normally, if
we experience blue energy,
then this could indicate that
we have a frequency shift,
which means frequencies as
well as light, for example,
or frequencies communicate
itself in different light
phases.
So if you compress or enlarge
decompressed frequencies,
then the light
that is irradiated
shines or is
perceived differently.
So that could be, for
example, the reason
why you see blue lights and blue
lightning strokes, for example.
>>EMERY: Yeah, I like what
you said about the reaction
because here they are
digging into the ground,
and this is the reaction.
>>TIM: Right.
So what could have happened
would be that if you,
for example,
compress frequencies
by digging into something, maybe
a chamber that has a higher
compression or some--
>>EMERY: Pressure, right.
>>TIM: Pressure, right.
>>EMERY: Yes.
>>TIM: That this could cause
a shift in frequencies.
>>EMERY: Right.
>>TIM: Which is something
that even occurs naturally
on the surface
level of the Earth.
So you have different
spots on the Earth
that have these natural
occurring frequency shifts,
but--
>>EMERY: Yeah,
maybe we could even
say that this area is
one of those areas.
>>TIM: Potentially, yes.
>>EMERY: That they cracked into,
and this release of pressure
and the changing of
atoms and photons
affect the colors of the light.
>>TIM: But have you
ever heard something?
Has anyone told you
anything about--
>>OLLINGER: No, not like that.
That's the first
time I've heard that.
That sounded good.
They never really told us why
things were going on like that.
They did tell us
that ever since that
happened that the
upstairs group would
be monitoring what's going on.
And there would be other
craft would come in,
and they would sit
over that area,
and they would do kind of
a vibration or something.
And they could
recreate that blue,
and then they would
drop down into it
like it was, I don't know,
a filling station, I guess.
I don't know.
>>TIM: Right.
>>OLLINGER: But we have
all those reports on what
took place there like that.
And so they monitored--
the Federation monitored
that all the time.
They'd give me information
on dang near a daily basis
on what's going on.
>>EMERY: Did you have
any other experiences
after that that affected
you or that you actually
had more communication
or visualized more craft?
>>OLLINGER: Oh, wow.
So in turn, it's a game changer.
You start seeing
things so different.
It's unreal.
And so you start believing, even
though people won't believe.
One of the scenarios was that
my daughter was very sick
and on her deathbed
in Amarillo, Texas.
And they put boots on the
ground to go into hospital,
and they also put
one of those craft
over the top of the hospital
to create a vibrational healing
frequency over the top of it.
You just knew.
I was there for 29 nights.
You just knew that she
was not going to make it.
And with their help and then
good doctors helping too--
>>EMERY: Are they the boots
on the ground, these beings?
>>OLLINGER: Yes, they were.
Did I get to see them?
I never got to see them, but
if they tell you something,
you just need to know
it's going to happen.
And I think that's just
their prewarning of here's
what we can do.
And then you think, oh,
and then you think--
>>TIM: And your
daughter recovered?
>>OLLINGER: Yes,
she's doing fine now.
Yes.
>>TIM: Thank God.
>>OLLINGER: The
only thing that I
can say about who saw
them would be my daughter.
And to this day, I don't
know how that really
worked because there's a lot
of people in those hospitals.
But she would say that,
Dad, you just need to know--
and she thought they
were Angels, you know,
and this is what she would say.
To back up just a
little bit, where
you or I have triglycerides
are like 300, 800 is deadly.
Hers was 13,000 plus or minus.
It was terrible.
Her whole body
was shutting down.
It was grease.
Everything was going on.
And so the Federation
knew, because I was always
in contact with them as far
as talking about things,
and they just told me, they
put boots on the ground.
There were people, they're
so-called medical teams,
and it's not medical
like what you would think
or we would think.
It's more of a frequency
type scenario of healing.
It would be a competition on
who'd get to go in one night
and who got to go
in the next night.
And I was told that
by Jeremiah Davis,
and then they
would put that ship
over the top of that hospital.
He told me, he said, I'm
surprised as much healing
frequency as we were bombarding
down on that hospital
that everybody didn't
get up and walk out,
but she's alive
and doing fine now.
And there was no way.
There was no way.
She had tubes all over.
It was a sad, sad thing.
But for whatever
reason, they did
that for her, did that for me.
>>EMERY: Did your daughter
actually describe what she saw?
>>OLLINGER: The
only thing she knew
is that any of those people
walking down the hallway,
as they got closer to her,
she could feel like an energy
or like a static or something
where all of her cells
would just start buzzing.
And they would walk in
there, and there was always
one particular one that
would walk in there,
and as he got into her room, he
would kiss her on the forehead.
And the comical story
about that, my daughter,
as she got better and
she's told me this story,
she said, Dad, he's
pretty good looking too.
So you know, but
she's doing fine now.
But it was like those people had
an energy to them, even as they
got closer to her, it was
just like her body just
started buzzing.
>>EMERY: Tim, would
you possibly say that
through your experience that
these beings can actually
come in through other
humans like ourselves
and work energy through us?
Is that possible?
>>TIM: Well, there
are multiple ways
how an ET or someone
from off planet
could set their
boots on the ground.
This could happen
directly in a 3D form.
They could utilize a vessel
because some humans that we
find here on Earth are actually
noninhabited so to speak,
so that could be used.
But it also sounds--
if you're talking about
Angels, we often make this
or we hear this that
people experience
an energetic form of presence,
so that could be true.
And the thing is
that people often
interpret what they
see in the way what
is comfortable to them.
So if someone, for example,
has a Christian background,
they often see Angels.
While we have studies
in the Asian--
>>EMERY: Right.
>>TIM: You know, so
people from over there
see different other beings
or entities helping them.
So it could be an
energetic form.
>>EMERY: Absolutely.
>>TIM: Fascinating,
moving story,
and I'm glad to hear that
your daughter is fine.
>>EMERY: After that
initial contact,
Duane, were you contacted by
any three letter agencies?
And if so, what happened?
>>OLLINGER: We don't know
exactly where all the problems
came from, but we
got shut down in
several different directions.
In saying that, we pretty
well shut that project down.
>>EMERY: In what ways
do they interfere?
>>OLLINGER: We just caught
havoc from water boards.
And oh gosh, at one time,
we went to a meeting,
and there was eight different
government agencies in there.
>>EMERY: They didn't want you
doing anything over there,
but that's your property.
>>OLLINGER: Yeah.
And so we shut that project down
until basically Jeremiah Davis
on his deathbed wanted the
story to be told that there's
more out there than what the
governments or religions are
telling us.
And I know this is crazy, but
it's called favor for favor
in they healed my daughter.
And so whenever on his deathbed
he wanted it to be told,
then I put the ranch up
for sale for a big price
because money brings intrigue.
And that's when Karga
Seven hunted me down for--
>>EMERY: Who's that?
>>OLLINGER: Karga Seven
was a production company
for Discovery, and they hunted
me down to tell my story,
and so here we go.
And that's when we
fired her back up,
and now we're
catching havoc again.
>>EMERY: Are you in
possession of anything
that you would consider
extraterrestrial?
>>OLLINGER: So not on that
project but on another project.
That's right outside
of Amarillo, Texas
that there's an element out
there that's not known to man.
>>EMERY: An element?
>>OLLINGER: Yeah.
>>EMERY: Is there
a name for it, or--
>>OLLINGER: They had
to make up a name
because it's not
anything that we have.
>>EMERY: Is this the one
they talk about from Bob
Lazar from Area 51?
>>OLLINGER: Oh, I
don't on that deal.
I just know that this element by
the testing that the Federation
did for me, it was like plus
or minus this element was--
>>EMERY: Where is
that element now?
Who has it?
>>OLLINGER: We got it,
and it's a bunch of it.
It was like a downed spacecraft.
>>EMERY: Please describe a
little bit for the audience
what this element consists of.
What is it?
>>OLLINGER: The
only thing I can do
is back up the report
of what we have.
So it's a--
>>EMERY: Is it a craft?
You said there's
a part of a craft,
or does it look like sand?
>>OLLINGER: Some of
it would be like sand.
Some of it's in crystal
form, and I just
have to go off the report
that I have on that deal.
And that's where Don Nicoloff
was helping in Amarillo, Texas
also, and then that's
where he got sick.
Not from any of that, but where
I think he got zapped somehow.
>>EMERY: So how did you
discover this element
and its characteristics?
>>OLLINGER: So that's where
Don Nicoloff shows up again.
What these guys know and
how they come about things,
I'll never know, but he
was tied to Jeremiah Davis.
And I told him about a project
we had in Amarillo, Texas
and we were a part
of, and I just
wanted him to check it out.
And so when they came
down to check it out,
the Federation
basically, I have reports
on how they go about it.
You show them where it he is.
Because of what we
did for them up there,
they would run tests
for me all over.
That's a pretty good gig there.
>>EMERY: Right.
>>OLLINGER: So in
doing that, they
would talk about
how whenever they
test a project, like
if it's a mineral,
they basically bring
their craft over.
Then they blow high pressure
air down into the ground,
and then they catch
the particle dust,
and then they take
samples of that dust.
>>EMERY: Brilliant.
>>OLLINGER: Yeah, and that's
how they test all over,
and I have reports of that.
Well, it came back that
the element that they found
is not from Earth, and
it's like 110 light years
away that this element exists.
And that's how those
people used to make,
use that element to
build their ships.
>>EMERY: Right.
What in the report do
you remember, Duane,
and what makes it so unique?
>>OLLINGER: Well, the
most unique thing about it
was that they were telling
us how they go about testing
everything and how
it all comes to them,
and then they give me
100% of the element
content in that material.
And so--
>>EMERY: Which are not
found on Earth, right?
>>OLLINGER: Well,
some of them are,
because whenever you have--
it was a downed craft
is what he said.
So whenever that
hits, it's going
to mix up with
other things, so you
don't have just the same stuff.
So they showed me the
report of everything
it was all the way down to the
element that's not from Earth.
But he always talked about
there are so many more elements
in between our periodic table.
>>EMERY: Absolutely.
>>OLLINGER: It's unreal.
So when the craft hits
it, it gets destroyed.
So theoretically,
it's just dirt,
but that dirt is of
different elements.
He even says in there
where part of the dirt
will be known as a crystal.
But what gets weird
is, whenever it rains,
when it rains out
there, I can go out
to that project in Amarillo.
And when it rains, it will
wash those crystals off.
And if I have the high
ground looking down at it,
then I can see those crystals,
and I'll go down there
and pick some up.
>>EMERY: Are they like glass?
>>OLLINGER: Yeah, yeah.
>>EMERY: It super heats
kind of like lightning
when it strikes sand dunes
around the planet like gypsum,
and it turns into a glass like
andara crystals they call them.
>>OLLINGER: Yeah.
>>EMERY: So I can
see this happening
where a super heated
craft or a lightning bolt
or the energy from the craft
molded with whatever minerals
was in the ground at that time,
kind of like fossilization
over time.
But it's instant,
and that's where
I think all these
crystals have come from.
Duane, you have
nonterrestrial elements
on a vast array of
your many properties.
How is this affecting
you, and what are you
going to do with this?
>>OLLINGER: We just need to
let humanity know that there's
more out there than
what we're being
told so we can advance farther.
I don't know where
all this goes.
I mean, I just don't
know, and I don't
know how I've been blessed
to get to be a part of it.
>>EMERY: Duane, do you believe
you're tasked on some mission
that they want you to do to
bring a craft to the surface?
>>OLLINGER: Well, I know
that we have reports
on that there is a
craft up there in Utah
buried about 150 foot deep.
And then, for
whatever reason, I've
been told that from
Jeremiah, and then that's
where all this crazy
stuff happens too.
So theoretically, you
get over that spot,
equipment doesn't work.
Nothing really works.
It jacks with your electronics
and the whole nine yards.
What's crazy about it is
when you get over that--
people get over the
top of that that's
had back pains for a
long time and everything,
they get over that, then
their pain goes away.
So I don't know.
This is crazy stuff.
>>EMERY: Are you
going to continue
to dig to hopefully find some
sort of exotic technology
that can help humanity?
>>OLLINGER: So we
have satellites
that are telling us an
easier way to go about it,
and there's tunnel systems
that have a reason for it.
And so the last
thing we want to do
is to tear up something
that's been helping,
but we would like to find
out a little more about it,
and that's two
different scenarios.
That's one in Amarillo,
Texas where that one's down,
and it's just the material
content there that we know of.
And then also up
there in Utah where
we've had different reports
of craft from people
that don't know each other.
>>EMERY: And that
one's underground.
>>OLLINGER: And it's where Don
Nicoloff and the Federation
told us where to dig.
And I don't know,
man, it's crazy.
>>EMERY: It is crazy, but
it's also fascinating.
What is your takeaway
on this whole event?
I mean, you're blessed to be
part of this, and what's next?
>>OLLINGER: You
know, I don't know.
About the time you
give up, you think,
oh, this is enough of
this, and they throw
you another curve or another--
and you think, oh, I've got
to go a little bit farther.
So I think we're just being led.
I don't think we can have
all the information at once,
or we would put our
pillow over our head.
>>EMERY: Right.
So why now, Duane?
You're coming forward,
you're giving us
all this information and intel.
What made you do it?
>>OLLINGER: That's a simple one.
My biggest deal was that
my daughter's alive.
And when I went to see
Jeremiah Davis on his deathbed,
his whole deal was that I tell--
>>EMERY: Right.
>>OLLINGER: I tell the world.
And I owe him a favor,
and nothing will stop me.
Even on the
documentary, they even
asked me that same question.
And while they
were asking me that
question, why would
you even do this.
And about that time,
my daughter called me.
And I said, if they wouldn't
have done what they've done,
I wouldn't have got
this phone call.
>>EMERY: Well, it's definitely
a miraculous story you have,
and we're glad to
have you on the show.
>>OLLINGER: Thanks
for having me.
>>EMERY: And Thank
you, Tim, also.
>>TIM: Thank you.
>>EMERY: For being here as well.
>>EMERY: I'm Emery Smith, and
this is "Cosmic Disclosure."
Until next time.
>>ANNOUNCER: Next on
"Cosmic Disclosure."
>>EMERY: Duane, much of what you
learned about extraterrestrials
comes from the General.
Who is this general?
>>OLLINGER: He
worked for the CIA,
and he was drafted
out of Area 51
into the United Galactic
Federation of Hindon.
He talks about that there's
major crafts out in our galaxy,
and there's good guys
and there's bad guys.
[THEME MUSIC]